翻译 20 网络能够丰富我们的生活，但是我们不应该忽视面对面的交流因为它对社会关 系有直接影响
Internet can enrich our life, but we can't ignore face-to-face communication and it's impact in society.
Internet can enrich our social lives, but we should not ignore face-to-face communication, because this has a direct impact on social relationships.

随着年龄的增加，人们发现保持与亲人和朋友的联系变得困难，因为他们被工 作和其他任务占据。
With the grow up of age, people find it is difficult to keep     contact with family and friends, because they     occation by   work and other task.
With age,                people find it    difficult to maintain contact with family and friends, as      they are occupied with work and other commitments.

严厉的处罚是减少犯罪的有效方法，因为犯罪者害怕被抓而不太可能犯罪
strict punishment is an effective way to reduce crime, because offenders are afried to be catch and little possible to crime.
It is suggested that stiff punishment is an effective method to reduce crime, as offenders are fearful of getting caught and less likely to commit crime.

政府应该支持对太空科技的投资因为这些科技的商业化会带来更多的商业机会， 提高人们的生活水平
Goverment should support vacuum techonoligy investment                   because the commercialize     of teconology      will bring more commercial oppotunity,     improve people's living standers.
The investment in space technology should be supported by the government because the commercialization of such technology will bring more business opportunities and improve people's living standards.

一些公共服务很难收支平衡，需要政府资金
some public service is hard to balance cost and profile, they need government fund.
Some public services have problems in breaking even and       need government funds

除非我们的现代生活方式有深远改变，负责我们的环境还是会很糟。
Unless our lifestyle have deep changed, otherwise, our enviroument are still worse.
Unless we make profound changes in modern lifestyles, our environment will remain in a dire state.

因为失业率高升，大学生感到有压力去努力学习
Because the rise of loose job rate, Unversity student study hard under pressure.
Undergraduates are forced to study under pressure due to severe situation of unemployment rate is ascending currently.

免费上大学使得家景不好的学生有同等的上学机会
Free tution fees made student who don't have good family background have same oppotunity to
Free university education makes it possible for students from less well-off backgrounds to have equal access to tertiary education.

我们需要考虑社会和经济的环境
we should consider      social and economic environment.
We have to consider the social and economic context

基因工程让人们能培养新品种农作物
Genetic engineering allow us to nurtration new species artical plans
Genetic engineering allows people to nurture crop varieties

