经济的发展需要年轻的劳动者
我的：The development of economy need young labor
正确句子: A country's economic development relies on a supply of young workers.
扩展：一个国家的经济发展依靠一定量的年轻劳动力，但是问题是老龄化的社会对劳 动力有负面影响。
A country's economic development relies on a supply of young workers, but the problem is that
the aging society has an impact on the labour force(力量）.

12：工作很多的人没有时间去休息，去充电（recharge batteries）
我的：People who have heavy workload do not have time to rest and recharge batteries.
问题：have用法错误，在英文中只有所属关系能用have，这里用with合适
正确:People with a heavy workload do not have adequate time to rest and recharge batteries.
扩展：工作很多的人没有足够的时间去休息和充电，这样对他们的健康有害。
People with a heavy workload do not have adequate time to rest and recharge batteries, which
will hart their health.
正确：which can be harmful to their fitness.

13.送贵重的礼物（lavish gifts）是中国的习惯
我的：send lavish gifts is chinese habit.
问题：？？
It is customary for Chinese people to exchange lavish gifts.
注意：customary用动名词
当收到或者送便宜礼物的时候许多人觉得没面子
many people feel shamed when receiving cheap gifts.

14.在中国，许多学生都要在晚上自学，所以课外活动不得不给学习让路。
我的：in China, many student need to study at home in evening, so extra-activities have to give way
to study.
问题：单复数
正确句子：
A large number of students in China have to do self-study at night, so extra-curricular
activities have to give way to studies.

15. 空运可能比其他运输方式产生更多的温室气体
我的：Plane might produce more greenhouse gases than other transport method.
正确:Air freight is likely to create more greenhouse gases than other modes of transport.
Air freight is likely to exhaust a large number of greenhouse gases.
exhaust:排出

16.除非当地政府减少城市扩张对植物的影响，否则在未来几十年里我们会发现保 护物种多样性很困难
我的：Unless local government reduce the impact of urban explore, otherwise we will find difficulty
of protect the diversity of species in next several decades.
正确：have difficulty / it difficult to
impact of .. on ..
next several decades -> in the coming decades.

Unless local authorities reduce the impact of city expansion on vegetation, we will find it
difficult to preserve biodiversity in the coming decades.

17. 城市的发展已经威胁到历史遗迹，但是政府还没有办法是否去保护还是毁坏这 些建筑。
我的：The development of city already threaten to historical side, but government have no idea of
protect or destroy these building.
正确：The development of cities has posed a threat to heritage sites, but the government has
no idea whether to protect or demolish these constructions.

18.在家遭受虐待或者忽视的孩子可能会有行为问题
我的：The children who are suffered from maltreat or ignore might have behavior problems.
固定搭配：exposed to abuse or neglect
正确: The children who are exposed to abuse or neglect in the home are likely to have behavioural
problems.

19. 人口的扩大是大量垃圾产生的原因，这些垃圾需要几十年才能降解
我的：The reason of mass junk produce is the explore of population, these junk need decades to
degrade.
正确: Population expansion is the main reason for the huge accumulation of waste, which can
take decades to degrade.
huge accumulation of 积聚

20.我们不能够忽视面对面的交流
我的：we should not ignore face to face communication.
正确
扩展：Internet can enrich our social lives, but we should not ignore face-to-face communication,
because this has a direct impack on social relationships.